README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm bakiroo! 👋

Welcome to my GitHub profile!  
I'm passionate about full-stack development and love building cool things with Linux, front-end technologies, SQL, and UX design.

---

## 🚀 About Me


- 🌱 I’m currently working on: Building foundational skills in Linux, front-end development, SQL, and UX design to become a well-rounded full-stack developer.
- 📚 I’m learning: Linux system administration, HTML + CSS + JavaScript, React, SQL (PostgreSQL & MySQL), UX/UI design principles, Git/GitHub workflows, and a handful of IT automation tools.
- 🤝 I’m looking to collaborate on: Beginner-friendly open-source projects that involve front-end frameworks, REST/GraphQL APIs, or database schema design.
- 🙋‍♂️ I’m looking for help with: Structuring scalable React codebases and writing efficient SQL queries.
- 💬 Ask me about: ?
- 📫 How to reach me: ....
- ⚡ Fun fact: I’m passionate about continuous learning and enjoy exploring new technologies to improve my full-stack development skills.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

![Your favorite language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=HTML5&logoColor=#002E3D)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=CSS3&logoColor=#EAE3C8)
![Your favorite language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=#E4572E)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-UX_Design-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=UX_Design&logoColor=#F49D37)
![Your favorite language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=SQL&logoColor=#F0810F)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=Linux&logoColor=white)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white)

<!-- Add more badges as needed -->

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bakiroo&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bakiroo&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Langs" />
</p>

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/your-link/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-1DA1F2?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/your-handle)
[![Personal Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Website-222222?style=flat-square&logo=Google-Chrome&logoColor=white)](https://yourwebsite.com)
<!-- Add or remove social links as needed -->

---

<!--
**bakiroo/bakiroo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

You can edit this file to customize your profile!
-->

Commit message:

Revise README.md with new personal details
Updated personal introduction and removed social links.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm bakiroo! 👋
Welcome to my GitHub profile!  

## 🚀 About Me

A third‑year, self‑directed learner who’s fallen in love with programming from all angles. My journey that started with The freeCodeCamp.org is built on curiosity, open‑source resources, and a relentless drive to become a full‑stack developer.🚀



## 🛠️ Tech Stack

![Your favorite language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=HTML5&logoColor=#002E3D)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=CSS3&logoColor=#EAE3C8)
![Your favorite language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=JavaScript&logoColor=#E4572E)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-UX_Design-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=UX_Design&logoColor=#F49D37)
![Your favorite language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQL-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=SQL&logoColor=#F0810F)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=Linux&logoColor=white)
![Another language badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-xxxxxx?style=flat-square&logo=Python&logoColor=white)

<!-- Add more badges as needed -->

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bakiroo&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bakiroo&layout=compact&theme=radical" alt="Top Langs" />
</p>


---

<!--
**bakiroo/bakiroo** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

You can edit this file to customize your profile!
-->
